content/event/concealed g-tame algebras/index.md, before:

---
title: Wild concealed algebras are not g-tame

event: ICRA 21
event_url: https://icra21.sjtu.edu.cn/index.html

location: SJTU Shanghai
# address:
#   street: 450 Serra Mall
#   city: Stanford
#   region: CA
#   postcode: '94305'
#   country: United States

abstract: 'abstract'

# Talk start and end times.
#   End time can optionally be hidden by prefixing the line with `#`.
date: '2024-08-09T15:30:00Z'
date_end: '2024-08-09T16:00:00Z'
all_day: false

# Schedule page publish date (NOT talk date).
# publishDate: '2017-01-01T00:00:00Z'

authors:
  - admin

tags: []

# Is this a featured talk? (true/false)
featured: true

image:
  caption: 'Me giving talk'
  focal_point: Right

#links:
#  - icon: twitter
#    icon_pack: fab
#    name: Follow
#    url: https://twitter.com/georgecushen
url_code: ''
url_pdf: ''
url_slides: 'uploads/Gtame-Algebras-ICRA.pdf'
url_video: ''

# Markdown Slides (optional).
#   Associate this talk with Markdown slides.
#   Simply enter your slide deck's filename without extension.
#   E.g. `slides = "example-slides"` references `content/slides/example-slides.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `slides = ""`.
slides: ""

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this post with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter your project's folder or file name without extension.
#   E.g. `projects = ["internal-project"]` references `content/project/deep-learning/index.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects:
  - example
---

<!-- {{% callout note %}}
Click on the **Slides** button above to view the built-in slides feature.
{{% /callout %}}

Slides can be added in a few ways:

- **Create** slides using Hugo Blox Builder's [_Slides_](https://docs.hugoblox.com/reference/content-types/) feature and link using `slides` parameter in the front matter of the talk file
- **Upload** an existing slide deck to `static/` and link using `url_slides` parameter in the front matter of the talk file
- **Embed** your slides (e.g. Google Slides) or presentation video on this page using [shortcodes](https://docs.hugoblox.com/reference/markdown/).

Further event details, including [page elements](https://docs.hugoblox.com/reference/markdown/) such as image galleries, can be added to the body of this page. -->

Commit message:

abstract added to icra-talk

content/event/concealed g-tame algebras/index.md, after:

---
title: Wild concealed algebras are not g-tame

event: ICRA 21
event_url: https://icra21.sjtu.edu.cn/index.html

location: SJTU Shanghai
# address:
#   street: 450 Serra Mall
#   city: Stanford
#   region: CA
#   postcode: '94305'
#   country: United States

abstract: 'The g-vector fan is a convex-geometric construction to study the τ-tilting theory of an algebra. Using it one extends the notions of tame representation type to τ-tilting theory, by saying that an algebra is g-tame if its g-vector fan is dense in ℝ^n.
\\
Tame algebras are always g-tame, but the converse is not true in general.
\\
In this talk we show that concealed algebras are g-tame if and only if they are tame. This also implies the same result for incidence algebras of simply connected posets.
\\
Joint work w/ Erlend Børve and Endre Rundsveen
https://arxiv.org/abs/2407.17965'

# Talk start and end times.
#   End time can optionally be hidden by prefixing the line with `#`.
date: '2024-08-09T15:30:00Z'
date_end: '2024-08-09T16:00:00Z'
all_day: false

# Schedule page publish date (NOT talk date).
# publishDate: '2017-01-01T00:00:00Z'

authors:
  - admin

tags: []

# Is this a featured talk? (true/false)
featured: true

image:
  caption: 'Me giving talk'
  focal_point: Right

#links:
#  - icon: twitter
#    icon_pack: fab
#    name: Follow
#    url: https://twitter.com/georgecushen
url_code: ''
url_pdf: ''
url_slides: 'uploads/Gtame-Algebras-ICRA.pdf'
url_video: ''

# Markdown Slides (optional).
#   Associate this talk with Markdown slides.
#   Simply enter your slide deck's filename without extension.
#   E.g. `slides = "example-slides"` references `content/slides/example-slides.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `slides = ""`.
slides: ""

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this post with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter your project's folder or file name without extension.
#   E.g. `projects = ["internal-project"]` references `content/project/deep-learning/index.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects:
  - example
---

<!-- {{% callout note %}}
Click on the **Slides** button above to view the built-in slides feature.
{{% /callout %}}

Slides can be added in a few ways:

- **Create** slides using Hugo Blox Builder's [_Slides_](https://docs.hugoblox.com/reference/content-types/) feature and link using `slides` parameter in the front matter of the talk file
- **Upload** an existing slide deck to `static/` and link using `url_slides` parameter in the front matter of the talk file
- **Embed** your slides (e.g. Google Slides) or presentation video on this page using [shortcodes](https://docs.hugoblox.com/reference/markdown/).

Further event details, including [page elements](https://docs.hugoblox.com/reference/markdown/) such as image galleries, can be added to the body of this page. -->
